So the correct answer here is three.
This is because it's printing out the value of the variable stops.
Why did this not print out the word stops?
Because we're not surrounding it by quotation marks down here.
Instead because it doesn't have quotation marks,
Java assumes that this is a variable and prints
out the value of that variable at that time.
But why three? Why not one and seven?
Well, let's trace this program and see.
First thing that happens here is declaring those two variables here, stops and fare.
Both are of type integers because they will only store natural numbers.
Let me draw this table on the side here so I can keep track of the variables
stops and fare side by side as I go through the program.
Once a variable changes,
I strike it out and write the new value underneath.
As you can see here both variables are initialized to zero,
which means that stop has zero and fare has zero.
Then this line here adds one to our variable stops and updates
our variable stops that way so stops instead of becoming zero would become one.
The next line here says fare equals fare plus five,
which is adding five to our variable fare and updating it.
So instead of fare being zero it would become five.
The next line here is updating our variable stops by adding one to it.
So instead of it being one,
it becomes two, and our variable fare becomes fare plus three.
So instead of it being five,
it becomes eight and then our stops the variable gets updated again by adding one to it,
so instead of two, it becomes three.
And finally our fare variable gets updated by adding seven to it.
So adding seven to eight makes it 15.
So by the time we get to this print line statement at the end here,
it seems like the current values of stops is three and the current value of fare is 15.
But this is only printing out the variable stops which happen to be three.
So the print output of this program is three.